yeah baby this where it all starts let's
get out there and ball and boy you can
just hear the excitement what a moment
indeed and welcome everyone to another
presentation of the NBA on 2k Sports
along with Steve Kerr and Clark Kellogg
this is Kevin Harlan where we're in our
costumes we hope you are too happy
Halloween is 2k Sports presents the NBA
with Clark Kellogg and Steve Kerr this
is Kevin Harlan we'll be hearing from
Doris Burke from around the sidelines
throughout the game you know I have to
show my first possession as a rookie
that's right my first position as a
rookie in my first in be a game let's go
and Kobe misses a three I get the
rebound
I'm going down the court cool calm and
collected but they don't want to mess
with me I'm giving these crossovers got
your Steve Nash and I'm going in for the
layup
I already got my first two points as a
rookie and I got my first still what you
want call the cops on me and I was about
to jam it in but they call it the foul
mister dunk that's alright you know what
it is free throws I make that hands okay
hands I just I'm not shaking there they
just let me hang him look at that they
left me hanging never leave a black man
hanging that's what you don't want to do
again handing down the court trying to
give Kobe all these news trying to give
everything funny these moves right here
gotcha Kobe eye with the jam on the
sprites land came look at that windmill
jam baby dunk intensity with 76 and that
was crazy right there with the foul with
the foul a dunk in the foul get height
free throws I make that and here we go
here we go another still another he's
going down the court with the fast break
and he jams it in for me
so we're back on offense giving all
these group moves and everything and I
get the cyst right here ASIS whatever
you want to call it and I'm Jade up bang
you cannot stop the three points here we
go again
you gotta stay on me cuz I'm Jade up
bang once again another three-pointer
and here we go bang go and jumper for
two that's funny
there we go again going in and I get the
assist or ASIS however you want to call
it Steve Nash you got to play tight on
me you gots to play tight on me here we
go again give him
Kobe Jeju blues club you can't hold me
you can't hold me Kobe with a nice layup
they can't stop me when I'm in that
paint I'm unstoppable
unbreakable let's go baby
Oh
you
now that game one of your NBA career is
in the books how would you rate your
performance I feel like I can be a star
I feel that I can play to the best of my
abilities I feel like nobody can stop me
I feel like I can take on anybody if
Michael Jordan in his prime Kobe Bryant
in his prime LeBron James or even Chris
Jacobs I can take him to I don't care
who it is I'll beat them just got done
playing my first NBA game had 27 points
I felt unstoppable out there I'm heading
home now my car brand new ride nice red
you know I'm balling right now I'm beat
balling I gotta get some gas though I
got the cash got to get some gas oh my
oh my goodness oh my goodness someone's
trying to kill me right now oh my
goodness who is this man who is this I
gotta stay calm now otherwise I'm gonna
die
who is oh my goodness is that who I
think it is doesn't matter right now I
got to get out of here I got to get home
I'm so close I can't believe that might
have been sure I grew up with that guy
we've been through everything and I mean
everything
hello pop that were your boys you gonna
pull some like this just know this
I'm coming for you